wish upon
it makes
Oh
JimBob you were just a finalist and
Katie la's find me a comic and appeared
for almost five seconds on Last Comic
Standing what are you gonna do next I'm
go to Disney
oh no seriously i'm going to disney
world that's why I'm making this video
see I need your help yeah I know about
Disneyland I'm all about Disney like I
know what time of day best time of day
to go on Space Mountain I know where to
go in the park for the most delicious
churros and I no which brick wall is the
hardest for you to bend your skull
against to get it's a small world out of
your head I know those tricks cuz this
Disneyland I've been going there since I
was three years old I've never been to
disneyworld it's a whole other animal I
got it there there's four theme parks
but you're talking to a guy who used to
go in from one theme park to the other
by just strolling across an Esplanade
and disney world doesn't work that way
you gotta take buses and monterey rails
at boats boats you can take a boat to
get from one place to another one is
this menace i'm totally intimidated but
i want to make sure that i take full
advantage of everything and no like i
want to get to know the tricks before i
go like i want to make sure I take full
advantage of the EMH please state the
nature of the medical emergency not bad
EMH I'm talking about the extended magic
hours whether open the parks earlier or
later if you stay in when the disney
resort hotels but like how do you take
full advantage of that like is it better
to go to the park that has the EMH and
then stay there all day or is it just go
take advantage of the EMH and then go to
another park like I've been trying to
map all this stuff out with like you
know spreadsheets
yes all right all right they know i'm a
nerd okay let it go I'm just saying I
want to take full advantage of this
Disney World vacation because this is my
first time going and I don't know when
I'll be back so if any of you I know
this in disney world those who watch
this please leave me some comments of
things you think some tips maybe things
I should avoid or things i should not
miss please leave those in the comments
section and also want to let you know
i'll be bringing this camera so if
there's anything you think would make a
funny Kingdom comedy or just an
interesting thing to video please leave
that in the comments section as well
because it's my one shot of this I want
to make sure I get it right so thank you
in advance disney world there's and i'll
see you in the kingdom the Magic Kingdom
the other magic kingdom the magic of
Disney lounge
worlds and the magic of the language
stars every dude out symphony hey
Zippity doo-dah is it me